9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the
[music] China Show. I'm Ivon Man with
David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets [music] in greater
China. Let's get to your top stories.
This Friday, Asian stocks tracking Wall
Street gains while oil is dropping on
use of a tentative uh deal between US
and Iran to extend their ceasefire by 60
days. Upbeat tech headlines [music] also
lifting sentiment with anthropics
valuation topping open AI in a new
funding round and strong AI [music]
server demand boosting Dell's outlook.
>> Also ahead, we speak to Boston Dynamics
about integrating humanoid robots into
industries [music] and the role of
government regulation.
>> Plus, a closer look at advancements in
China's biotech sector and and Hong
Kong's push to revive tourism.
All
>> [music]
>> right. So, it is happy Friday as we of
course countdown [music] to the weekend
and certainly this this source is
telling us that maybe we are seeing some
sort of fruition here in some sort of
deal. At least that ceasefire has been
extended according to our reporting to
for 60 days now. So that certainly is
lifting risk assets all all over.
>> Yeah, it it really has. I think the
dollar has really been on offer. We've
been looking at this rally the mirror of
the softness in the dollar in the form
of EMFX which I think has up every
single day I believe uh going into
today. It's early days and Friday. Uh
that's another thing we're tracking
today given of course this backdrop of
this risk rally and of course within
that of course tech uh even without
certainly the backdrop has rallied even
more so with that rally uh that we're
seeing today. Uh what's going to be key
is the context on oil right so we've
been waiting for oil to take out 90
bucks just for context if we do we're
still up 55% year to date we're down 20%
from the peak. just put that into
context given the uh the yield and
inflation story that we've been also
tracking simultaneously here.
>> Yeah. So I mean it seems like we are
hovering around that $90 handle more so
than 100 which which is a good signal
here right quote good thing.
>> Yeah. So certainly we'll see. I mean
there still seems to be some mixed
messages. You the likes of JD Vance the
vice president saying that they're going
back and forth on certain language
points as well. So there's still kind of
the devils in the details and all things
like that. But certainly as you
mentioned right the tech theme continues
when you have all these you know guests
from the humanoid summit in Tokyo
talking about um really the prospects of
Chinese humanoids robots and really the
outlook there and then of course we're
talking about biotech this hour too
which also continues to be a pretty hot
topic here
>> there's a very important oncology summit
in the US and
>> there's that deal Fiser innov as well
>> yes uh that outsourcing uh deal
licensing deal rather and I think that's
really a key growth area for Chinese
biotech and I think they're going to be
presenting
some of the data that they've been busy
with and the trials and I think AI and
how they're managing to get the data.
It's going to be interesting to see how
that rerating is taking place because
MEI China Healthcare actually has missed
out on this rally because of what we're
seeing in AI but I think we'll we'll
we'll see whether or not we get that
catalyst today. Now just speak of tech
right um it's a new day but it's the
same theme we talked about Lenovo at the
start of the week now it's their peer
and Dell and they're raising uh their
outlook there in terms of their guidance
and of course you also have this
rerating anthropic closing I think it's
series H
>> um close to about a trillion in in
valuation there
>> so yeah uh there's plenty of of good
news out there it seems at least now and
even the geopolitical temperature has
been uh tempered down slightly so this
is what we're seeing when it comes to
markets. We are seeing 1% gains in in
Japan and Taiwan in uh Korea here today.
NASDAQ futures are slightly to the
downside here, but certainly uh there's
a lot to to go through. Let's get to our
top story and bring in of course our
team managing editor Jill Dus and our
markets reporter Anthony Stevens. Jill,
I'll start with you. It's a tentative
deal. What do we know at this point?
>> Yes, I think um tentative there is
really the thing to really underscore
here. This deal is still pending Trump
signoff. Axios is reporting that um
Trump's asked for a couple of days to
think it over. Essentially, what we're
looking at is a 60-day extension of the
truce that's in place. Although,
remember um you know the the the
ceasefire that we're already seeing,
there have been some isolated military
strikes involved with that already. So,
another thing to really consider here.
Um but when it comes to this latest uh
sort of potential uh extension of this
truce, um you're looking at um you know
some some negotiations over maybe
there's a memor memorandum of
understanding that um the strait would
be um you know fairly open that Iran
would remove mines in the straight of
Hermuz. Um but again um none of this is
completely locked down. We're still
waiting for Trump to decide. And um I do
want to stress the other thing that we
heard from Treasury Secretary Scott
Besson earlier which is that you know
any sort of a longerlasting deal um
would have to consider what Trump has as
his three red lines which is um you know
Iran would have to hand over um enriched
uranium uh that the straight of her
would remain open and that ultimately
Iran would have to end its nuclear
program which of course um still does
seem like a very very long way from
actually reaching any kind of a deal on.
I think all of that is um you know again
something really important to consider
here. Does it look like he's going to
sign it? And you said fairly open on the
straight of Hormuz. What does what does
that what does that mean?
>> Right. Yeah. I mean, look, um, David, I
think, you know, when it comes to what
Trump's actually thinking, um, you know,
I'm not in the business of predicting
exactly how he's going to decide on some
of these things, but, um, when it comes
to the Straight of Hermuz, again, um,
it's that idea of, um, you know, the
waterways would be open. Um I do though
want to stress that some of the
conversation that we've seen um you know
from Trump over the last few days has
been um you know a bit um confusing and
and unclear to kind of follow. I mean he
certainly said that um one thing that he
wants the US to be involved with is sort
of like watching over the straits. Um so
there's there's various elements here
that I think are still a little bit
unclear but again we'll have to see
whether or not this uh this ceasefire
extension actually uh takes place.
>> Okay. Uh we'll watch this and update our
viewers and clients once we have more
information there. Jill, uh thank you so
much. Uh so we're going into the opening
bell here 25 minutes away. We're looking
at A50 futures coming up on your
screens. This bond market rally that
we've been tracking in Amundi in fact
cutting their bond overweight uh given
of course what that's already given
them. And of course we're trading at
about 10 11 month lows on on a 10-year
yield. Uh A50 futures are doing this.
We're looking at on top of gold and oil.
Copper's also been giving us something
to talk about recently and that's also
been picking up. And there we go. Copper
in Shanghai is up 1.2
and I wonder why we're looking at a
cross rate but that should be still
relatively the same. There we go. 67743
against the against the US is is the
reference rate today.
>> Yeah. Um exchange rate.
>> Let's get to Anthony now who's been
watching all things markets. I mean the
these flood of tech headlines that
really kind of sets up the semi- trade
once again in China.
>> Yeah. Given the tech headline setup, the
only green on the only red on the screen
is going to be your jacket, right? Like
this, the setup for the market is so
strong, we've had positive headlines
from everything from the LLM sector all
the way down to the smallest capacitor
chips. It's been a relentless drum beat
of positive headlines. And now with
Anthropic looking to tra to raise almost
a trillion dollars, you can see where
the capex money is coming from. Like the
visibility on that cash flow is crystal
clear. And you're seeing that reflected
in markets early today. Right? You see
Korea doing its vanilla thing. Semis are
very strong. Robotics are very strong.
The setup into China is actually as
strong. Uh BYD is launching their own
chip. This follows uh Bite Danc's deal
with Qualcomm. And then uh and also
Bance is looking at developing their own
in-house chips as well. So there's a lot
going on in the China chip ecosystem. Uh
that should support risk takingaking
today in Asia just generally.
>> That's not a K web play though, is it?
>> Correct. K web lagged again last night,
right? And this continues this pattern
of kind of bearishness on the China
consumer. Coming into our session, we
have JP Morgan downgrading uh kind of
the Maai and Baiju names as well. So the
China consumer is weirdly very similar
to the US consumer. In the midst of this
AI boom, consumers on both sides of the
Pacific are struggling uh and especially
lower middle- class and middle- class
consumers. This comes as a risk towards
the back end of the year but for now
that is very contained to the consumer
discretionary and consumer staple
sectors.
>> Uh uh last word on China macro.
>> Look China macro was stable before the
Iran situation resolve is kind of
heading to a resolution. It remains very
stable. China has a lot of uh fiscal and
monetary space. Uh we had a great ben
around um the fact that the AI
transformation is allowing China to
tolerate a stronger UN. So they have
space to cut rates into that. They have
space to add fiscal stimulus as well.
The problem here is all these
stimulatory measures have not managed to
meaningfully move the needle on consumer
consumption. That requires a deeper
reform of national systems around
pensions and health insurance and stuff
like that. So until you see those
measures, this bifocation in markets
will continue where China hardware tech
does really well and the China consumer
space struggles. Yeah, I think there's a
great story about how uh some of these
uh funds, consumer funds are really kind
of bringing in more tech people in to
kind of shift a little bit the dynamics
of their fund here just given how uh how
it's underperformed
>> tutorials. Yeah, a little bit of a shift
there. Um Anthony, thank you. Anthony
Stevens, our markets reporter there,
joining us on the latest in all things
China and tech. Coming up, we're going
to stick to tech and go live at the
humanoid robot summit in Tokyo and speak
with Boston Dynamics [music] about a
market that Morgan Stanley says could be
worth $7 trillion [music] by 2050. And
we're kind of the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This
is [music] the China show.
>> Right. So amidst the rally we're seeing
elsewhere, it's good to underscore that
point. Uh we're the approach to the open
today is flat on futures. Msei China is
I believe set for another uh lackluster
week. Uh but it's really been at the
bond market and as you can see yields
are still oriented lower there with this
rally uh in CGBs managing to buck the
overall trend of higher yields globally.
>> Yeah. And so that certainly is one side
of of that haven trade that people have
talked about in that bond market here as
well. Um, but it brings us to focus back
to, of course, the tech theme here
because it's still the big thing that's
really uh really playing out across
these markets here. And the humanoid
summit is taking place in Tokyo. And one
of the companies that's been at the
forefront of robotics is Boston
Dynamics, which is backed by the likes
of SoftBank and Hyundai.
>> Yeah. And as you can see, the news and
developments and progress we're seeing
on that side is really helping lift on
top of the AI rally lift some of these
names tied to Boston Dynamics. Uh in
fact, the excitement over the industry
has been really one of the main drivers
as we were pointing out. They're behind
this massive rally since the since the
start uh of this year. Uh joining us now
from the humanoids summit in Tokyo is
Brendan Schman, vice president of policy
and government relations at Boston
Dynamics. Brendan, nice to see you. Nice
to see you in the region. Good good
morning from Hong Kong. I trust you're
well with that 1 hour time difference
between Hong Kong and Tokyo. My
understanding is you just did a
presentation. Tell us about it. Was what
was the message?
>> Well, thank you very much for having me.
Really appreciate it. Um, so my message
is this is a revolutionary period uh in
robotics. We've been around over 30
years and now AI is revolution
revolutionizing the way that we develop
and deploy these robots making them more
efficient than ever before and capable
of doing things that we only dreamed
about. And along with that we really are
looking to have government particularly
the US government but also
internationally develop national
strategies for robotics. These are the
kinds of policies that would help
support the uh the adoption and the
development of robotic systems across
industries.
>> Brendan, I I I just noticed that you you
used to work for global public policy
for DJI. Of course, this is one of the
leading Chinese drone brands. Um, I'm
just wondering how how would you apply
your experience there to from drones and
what we saw with Chinese drones sweeping
the US market to what we're seeing in
humanoid robots and and these Chinese
players are really kind of emerging
here. Do you see similarities to to the
progress that we've seen and and really
the the international sort of expansion
plans that they have?
I think there are certain similarities.
Uh much like with drones, uh robotics uh
is undergoing a revolutionary now where
we have so many companies jumping in to
develop the kinds of technologies that
this company Boston Dynamics has been
leading for really over 30 years. And I
think some of the the lessons there are
that once a technology becomes
sufficiently capable and deployed,
you're going to see a lot of
international competition. uh and in
particular as as we know from not just
the drone industry but from other
industries the Chinese are very good at
developing hardware iterating on that
technology uh creating very efficient
supply chains so as to deploy those
hardware products across the world very
rapidly and I I think that's exciting
really to see uh not just China but
really the entire world including
companies in Europe and across the
United States uh recognize our vision
that we've had for over 30 years which
is that robots are going to transform
our lives. They're going to
revolutionize industries, make work
workplaces safer, more efficient, uh,
and and really just improve the quality
of life across the board. So, not
surprising to see the Chinese enter the
field just as they did with drones.
And
>> but I think what what we saw with DJI D
uh, you know, really entering into the
US market was that it really showed that
the the US was in some way dependent on
Chinese goods in some ways, right? I
think the the Ukraine war certainly
exposed that. Co exposed that as well. I
think the dynamics have really shifted
now when you take a look at the the the
the tensions between the US and China.
Uh when it comes to advanced
manufacturing and and technology,
Brendan, I'm just wondering what what
would be the appropriate US response
then to the the amount of innovation
that that's coming [clears throat]
through from China when it comes to, you
know, they're putting a lot of support
into humanoid robots, whether it's in
funds, whether it's in subsidies and the
like. What's the appropriate US
response? Now,
>> this is exactly why we have been
advocating in Washington for a national
robotic strategy for about 3 years now.
Really important for the US government
to study the industry, figure out a
package of policies that would help
support our our success and growth. And
I think that could really uh run the
range from workforce training and
education, uh tax incentives for
adoption and deployment. Yeah, one of
the things to really appreciate in this
era of AI robotics is that having the
deployments really makes a difference to
the development cycle because if those
robots are out there doing actual
workplace in real environments, you're
generating the kind of data that you
then take back and make the robots
better with. And so that flywheel effect
uh is something that certainly the
Chinese have recognized that the more
deployments you have, the better your
robots are going to be. So, we'd love to
see tax incentives for robot
manufacturer and adoption in the United
States. Uh, smart international trade
policies. I know there's been discussion
and an ongoing section 232 investigation
at the Department of Commerce with
respect to potential tariffs on
robotics. I think if we approach that in
a smart way, that could be of assistance
too. And then of course as we saw in the
drone industry and in other sectors uh
cyber security and and national security
uh the focus of policy should look at
examine the risks and also make sure
that we have that in order as well.
Brendan, talk to us about the supply
chain and I'll use the example uh that
Jensen Huang of Nvidia who spends a lot
of time talking upstream to his
suppliers to put that capex in so he can
then put that uh his his production to
work. Uh talk to us about the
opportunities and the gaps in the supply
chain for humanoid robots for example.
Um where do you think the opportunities
are for example?
I think the supply chain resembles that
of other hardware technologies. You have
many of of the same uh dynamics with
respect to let's say batteries uh
actuators and motors. There's a
significant crossover between uh
electric vehicles and uh robots to some
extent. Uh which is why it's great that
you know we we have uh Hyundai as our
majority owner and partner. Uh and I
think you know that that really is
reflective of uh many of the supply
chain challenges that the Department of
Commerce has been talking to us and
other robotics companies about.
Brendan, um there's a but we've been
talking a lot about, you know, the
halves and have nots of AI and and I
think you extend this to the humanoid
robot sort of space as well, just given,
you know, the the the concerns around
the displacement of labor uh with as we
continue to adopt AI into companies,
into industries, what role do you think
government should play in really
protecting human labor in all this as
well?
This really is a key part of the
national strategy that we hope to see is
is workforce education and training. Uh
I I I think it's fair to say that
technology has been changing the nature
of work for a long time and to some
extent humanoid robots are are no
different, but what I think is different
is the emotional reaction. You you were
looking at a machine that is the size
and shape of a person. And so people are
going to feel an emotional response to
that particular technology. Even if the
smartphone has uh displaced or changed
uh the nature of more jobs than robots
ever could, you're not looking at your
phone and thinking that that has has
taken your job. But I do think there's
repeated concerns that we're hearing
across uh different stakeholder groups
about the humanoid robots and that
that's a particular reason why the
national strategy that we're hoping to
see developed in the United States
really should focus on making sure the
workforce of the future is trained to
use these technologies. And of course,
it's really in some sense almost
inevitability. If you look at the
demographics of this country and uh
especially here in Japan, we just aren't
going to have the workers that we need
in the future just given the birth
rates. And so, inevitably, we're going
to have automation and technology making
jobs safer and more efficient. And
what's great about robots is they they
do the physically hard and in some cases
dangerous types of tasks that that you
really don't want humans to do because
they're going to get injured. So those
are the kinds of jobs that we would love
to improve. And using the robots, not
only do we make that job safer, but we
keep the factories efficient. And if you
want the factory to remain open and
compete internationally, you really are
going to need the robots there doing
their job.
>> And Brendan, the you know, the
difference between
sort of industrial robots that we use
and see and we've seen for years in in
factories and humanoid robots. And I can
I don't know if if is the line between
those two categories getting becoming
murkier in your view and what do you
think the moment will be for humanoid
robots in a sense that just in terms of
scale we haven't really seen the volumes
on the ladder compared to where we have
seen in the former.
I I think that the differentiator is
just how versatile the humanoid robot is
going to be. Uh you know, when we were
thinking about turning Atlas from a
research platform that we've had for,
you know, 12 years into a commercial
product, um there was some skepticism,
you know, whether the humanoid form
factor was really necessary in in a
factory or other industrial environment.
And I think what we realized is a couple
things. First of all, that kind of robot
can do a certain job on one day and then
a different job on another day. So if
you have workers calling out sick, you
can have the same machine that you've
invested in once doing multiple jobs
throughout the course of its life cycle.
And that that's a a huge advantage in
terms of the capital investment in that
technology compared to say installing 10
or 20 different robots uh in the
factory. The other advantage to the
humanoid form factor is humans can train
that robot to do its to do its
behavioral uh application in the
workforce because using AI uh people are
wearing uh sort of VR capture suits.
They're using hand controllers and uh uh
sort of VR goggles to look through the
eyes of the robot, do that task and
thereby generate the data that the robot
needs to understand and learn how to do
that behavior. So that's why the
humanoid form factor makes sense. If you
try to do that for an industrial arm or
an AMR or something else that doesn't
have the form factor, you're not going
to be able to translate onetoone between
a human trainer and the robotic
technology.
>> Brenn, we got to leave it there. Thank
you. Brennan Schulman there, vice
president of Boston Dynamics. We do have
some breaking news when it comes to of
course that SpaceX IPO. So uh what we're
hearing according to our sources that
they are thinking about lowering that
IPO valuation target to at least at this
moment 1.8 trillion. I think early
reporting from our team was saying could
be as much as two trillion. So just a
little bit of a trimming of that as
well. We'll have plenty more details
coming up. We'll flesh that out that
story coming up. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Okay, that Dell story overnight is
drenching the hearts of Lenovo bulls in
wine. further 15% gain today.
>> Oh,
>> in the early going.
>> Happy Friday. Got to cheers for that.
And in event shares are also rising
here. Of course, they just inked [music]
uh this big deal with Fizer here. 10.5
billion dollar deal uh for a global
agreement to develop cancer [music]
drugs. The stock is up close to 7%.
We're have more of course on the healthc
care sector coming up as well. The open
is next.
>> [music]
>> Good morning and welcome back. You're
watching the China Show. The Friday
session is ahead. I'm checking the
temperature [music] now. It's
>> o
>> right. I don't need to see it. It's hot.
>> You can feel it, right?
>> Oh, it's just it's just hard to be
outside. It's a sauna out there.
>> Well, I mean, in in case you sauna,
>> you missed out on tickets to Burning
Man.
>> All you have to do is step outside.
>> It's uh unbearable. And
>> it's happening around the world. I I I
feel as well. Um
>> at least we have AC here. Like in London
not having AC again.
>> Oh, can't even imagine. Um so certainly
the [music] fans and really the the ACs
will be cranking up this weekend. It's
going to be a scorcher. I think I think
I heard it was 34 possibly on [music]
Friday in Hong Kong. 34 uh degrees. So
certainly that's going to be a big one
here. Um and hopefully everyone hits the
pool. But here you go. These markets are
still hot though. I got to say when it
comes to this whole AI trade uh CSI 300,
we are seeing onore markets doing okay
here. Of course, there was some of these
good geopolitical headlines around
possibly US and Iran have reached some
tentative deal. That ceasefire also
could be extended by 60 days. that's
helping to lift the the the risk moon
music here this morning. And then you
have news about Dell's outlook. You have
anthropic fundraising. Now you have the
SpaceX IPO scoop about how them trimming
that valuation ahead of that IPO. I mean
there's a lot of good news out there
here to kind of sink your teeth into.
Right. So we're watching where close to
Shanghai. We're seeing about a third of
1% but we're still on set uh for a third
week of losses here when it comes to
Chinese stocks here. Um but you know the
chip sector as we've been saying really
has stood out and you are seeing the
likes of Capricorn tech uh still up just
slightly here today. Uh rate of new buy
though today. So that price target at
2020 remn uh flip the boards here of
course we've been tracking Hong Kong and
really we continue to see where the
dispersion lies right within the
hardware software space within the tech
and the consumption space as well
because we continue to see some of these
consumption names not do too well here
in the face of it and really the likes
of JD.com and some of these e-commerce
platforms just given the earnings that
we got this week uh is continuing to
show how weak the consumption story is.
Uh JD.com also facing that EU probe as
well. So the stock is a little bit uh to
the downside here today. Uh the rem is
strong though 677. We were talking about
how this whole AI boom and exports and
the like is actually allowing policy
makers to tolerate that stronger remn.
So 677 for the currency here as well. Uh
and we're watching really closely what
happens when it comes to of course the
EV side of things. So XP came out with
earnings here. It looks like uh that
that loss was bigger than expected here
given the amount of money that they're
putting into of course new technologies
are heading into humanoid robots and the
like. Uh you know when it came to
domestic deliveries as well in terms of
EVs that also were not was not too
pretty as well. So 2% losses for Xpong.
Lee Auto also came out uh with earnings
as well. The stock is down some 3%. So
that revenue guidance uh did miss
estimates and is weighing on the stock
here today. BYD though could be a
different story, right? they're coming
out with this new EV chip to help with
them uh when it comes to of course their
uh global ambitions. So that certainly
is one thing to watch out for. The most
advanced EV chip in China they say.
>> Yeah. Um and I think more and more of
them are really folding the tech
underneath uh you know their own their
own value chain and and and really I
mean just speaking of speaking of that
right so AI has been folded into the
biotech space. We'll talk more about
that with Jeff later on.
>> Uh but Innovate Bio is continuing to
give us more stuff to talk about here.
this this this outlicicensing
deal. I believe it's an outsizing deal.
Uh it's a 10.5 billion could uh be as
much as that collab with Fizer and
shares are up as you can see about 9%
there. And on the server stocks uh
server names uh rally we've seen this
week and we've seen this really in
various iterations across markets mostly
in Taiwan partly in Japan in some
version here uh in Hong Kong and yet
Lenovo there we go again 20 27%.
Um so this is so we were 44% up over 3
days to Thursday. Yeah. Just just
vertical ridiculous rally there. And the
the catalyst was the Dell outlook.
>> Yes.
>> Uh but the catalyst for Dell was the
Lenovo
>> it's a self-fulfilling thing now. It's a
bit of a loop here on how they're just
feeding each other on when it comes to
the the possibility of AI server sales.
Uh and really, you know, it completely
is to kind of put all those concerns
around, you know, slow PC sales and the
like to the wayside right now.
>> Rerating it's not a zero sum game
between these two. Right. Uh just a
recap to this rerating that's taking
place not just in the public markets um
but soon to be in the public markets
because of the SpaceX scoop
>> uh that we understand that the valuation
target has been lowered to at least 1.8
trillion uh for this massive IPO that is
upon us
>> and that's been lowered from above two
trillion but even at 1.8 eight will be
enough to put SpaceX within 1 2 3 4 5
within
>> the top 10 largest companies in the
world and we talked about anthropic
right series H which is just barely
under a trillion in terms of
>> I mean it's still SpaceX still I think
set to be one of the biggest IPOs ever
right so that that continues to be one
big story here but it seems like they
were talking to some stakeholders they
were talking to some adviserss and they
say look maybe we need to kind of trim
it a little bit here just given um how
eyepopping that that valuation has been
as well joining us now is Ivy Apex CIO
at DWS tell us what to do with these
markets. Um
>> I mean it's it's it's still this
momentum that we need to continue to
chase. It seems like there and when you
talk about what these big companies are
doing in terms of capex
>> all these fears about some sort of capex
correction we're not seeing that at all
at this point. Do you just continue to
chase the same trade?
>> I would say like uh the same trade is
still working as you say the whole
market is focusing on momentum but what
we are trying to do is like a little bit
more diversify. So of course like uh the
leading name in in Korea continue to
have the earning support. I remember in
January we were here we were talking
about everything has to back to earning.
Then if you take a step back look at the
whole Asia pet market how much the
market actually gone up like look at the
kind of earning revision pretty much in
the same momentum. So I think the
earning part is still the key driver. So
like in this case like the capex is very
important to some extent like if you see
the hypers scale cutting the capex yeah
that will there will have some
correction but the good thing is or what
give us comfort is when you look at like
some of the company right now particular
with the memory one they actually have a
long-term contract in it is something
new like uh compared with the previous
cycle and that's also what give people
comfort like it may not be that cynical
is also have some like structural kind
of like a three to five year contract in
it. So that part I would say we still
like those stock we still positive on it
like for the South Korean market but in
the meantime you're right like market is
like one way direction is like is it
very concentrated so then you have to
look take a step back for the whole AI
supply chain like how should people look
at it if a stage one is like compute
memory and then like uh we have seen the
market from GPU to CPU now like what
next like what should people focusing on
and like uh on top of South Korean
market like uh Japan has do doing pretty
well, Taiwan as you mentioned even for
China like China T names also doing
pretty well. So that is the area we just
like keep searching like where we get
the benefit where will be the growth
because like to be to be honest the
world also have other problem going on
right as you mentioned that geopolitical
tension inflation picking up so one part
of our like portfolio or our our
decision making is always focused on
which company can actually deliver the
earning growth
>> is that a good way to determine which
stocks to buy where the earnings are
most visible because the Korea example I
is the most perfect example because you
can see earnings five years down. The
China play arguably has longer runway
but I can't see the earnings there. How
would you approach that ladder?
>> I think the market has told you the the
the answer of it right. So market
definitely give more reward to like uh
the South Korea market because that is
where they're all earning kind of lock
in and they have the visibility but in
the meantime like you also see that when
you look at China overall because have a
lot of sector consumption sector like a
consumer sector not doing that well
that's part of the reason you see that
overall index is not really moving that
much but when you look at the particular
like tech related stock or the
industrial related stock like even the
auto um component maker they do get some
like uh potential financial revenue
coming up like uh with the humanoid
robotic like uh uh trend coming up in
China. So I would say like uh for China
you you have to be more selective to
look at like uh which part of the
business is actually really will get the
earning growth going forward and the
current valuation is still like uh
reasonable but for Korea just given
about like uh the two stock kind of
dominate the market. So for people
that's very visible that's kind of
dominate the market like um similar as
what we are talking about in Taiwan.
>> Okay. If I want to chase momentum it's
the equity market. If I want to price in
inflation risks do I continue to look at
this bond market and and is short
duration still the strategy moving
forward? I would say like uh invasion
like maybe tell you our stand about
invasion first like we do think that in
the short term like invasion will pick
up but this is more like temporary
instead of structural hyperinflation
coming back to the market like uh we
don't think that's the case like the key
reason is like when you look at the oil
price in the f uh future is basically
telling you that this more like
short-term price increase and our house
for the next 12 months we actually think
that oil price will be get back to like
82 like dollar level so with that and
with the bond market kind of already
pricing in about the inflation risk and
also the weight hike like particularly
for like ECB uh that we are seeing in
the market or like market was also
thinking about that potentially no more
weight cut in US right like uh so all
these thing is pretty much pricing we do
think that when you look at allin like
yield perspective look at from a carry
perspective some of the like uh sen is
actually look quite attractive like the
short-term one look interesting and if
you look at the IG G is also like uh
quite interesting to look at it.
>> So time to buy bonds and go overweight.
Is that what you're saying?
>> We still like uh we say like like equity
better because equity is the one you can
actually get the earning growth.
>> Is that the hedge to inflation? Is that
the best hedge to inflation? Equities
>> depend on which sector you're talking
about.
>> Okay. AI AI for example is that way to
play inflation. Yeah, I would say like
it would be a good way to pay inflation
but also like the market momentum and
like uh that's is also what is the
future of like overall economy.
>> Ivy, we'll leave it there. Thank you
Ivy. Thank you there. CIO for Apac at
DWS and coming up we're talking biotech
here is about to present the first China
data ever delivered to a [music] US
oncology conference. We're talk to Jeff
here and why thinks this could mark a
new chapter for [music] the industry.
This is me.
[music]
China has superior
infrastructure
in terms of um having high quality CIO
organizations and and CDMOS, contract
development. uh organizations. So these
are all coming to one to address the
cost and speed.
our topic like innov uh biologics um a
maturing bioarma that's transitioning to
a um global level you know bioarma and
also uh hang which is [music] a uh very
successful example of a traditional more
generic heavy company [music] uh that's
able to um phase out their legacy
products and replenish with lots of
innovative drugs. So those are examples
that are um on the one hand delivering
[music] good growth domestically in
their business and also having a [music]
healthy pipeline.
just some views recently on some guests
of course have talked about this moment
in the sun for Chinese biotech whether
that's individual names the industry or
just this massive infrastructure build
that's been taking place and really just
in terms of just the freshest of news on
the story another out licensing deal
10.5 billion in event and fire is
signing that one there and the stock is
reacting quite positively 6.7% to the
upside u just a reminder I guess of the
rally that's taking place we draw it
from early last year. World beating
rally into about Q4. It's petered out
and somewhat consolidated of course for
the better part of of the last 6 months
or so. It has given up some of those
gains though. But uh we are moving into
this fairly consequential potentially
consequential conference where we could
have announcements and data coming
through here. This annual ASCO uh
oncology conference taking place in
Chicago. Yeah, AESO will be the first
Chinese drug firm to present data at the
event's main plenary session and we
spoke to their CFO Bing Wang earlier
this year.
>> We will continue to invest in our R&D.
We have one of the most I would say uh
uh efficient u and actually highly
productive R&D program. So we're
actually investing into our R&D like a
biotech base in California or Boston. So
we're going to continue to innovate. We
have been very productive. So we're not
giving any guidance on breaking even. So
our P&L right our revenue and and
operating income is primarily come from
from from China but our R&D value is
global in nature.
>> Let's set the views now on the wider
sector with Twe head of Asia healthcare
research at Jeffre. So the fact that a
queso takes the stage tell us a little
bit more about the significance of that
really and is this sort of a make or
break moment for Chinese biotech.
>> So absolutely. So thank you Ivon, thank
you David. So you see like it's for the
very first time I'm bringing my luggage
here to the studio because right after
I'm heading for Chicago taking the noon
flight because for the very first time
to witness the history that Akiso making
this first ever China data to be
presented as ASCO planner session to so
to those of them who are not familiar
with ASCO that is the most popular like
industry event for clinical oncology
where the top like doctors multinational
companies as as the investors will all
be there discussing the latest
breakthrough for oncology treatment and
>> no go ahead go ahead go ahead. Yeah and
also yeah you mentioned like innovar
today we also saw another like
breakthrough deals so like inovven made
this kind of um deal platform deal with
fizer so talking about like we have
getting more endorsement from
multinational companies to the Chinese
data quality yeah
>> I mean you you've put this all the data
so far that we have on their trials
where they are in their specific phases
the indicators that they're chasing so
help us understand AESO is just one of
you presenting I believe over the next
let's say this conference over the next
few months or so um what are we
expecting them to say
>> so first of all we are talking about the
data because about the industry like
academic data we're talk talking about
data so how superior this kind of drug
will be to the current stand of care
because why AISO is the most important
one because for the many years so we got
a lot of like the criticism and also uh
speculation regarding China data. Why?
Because previously a lot of the data was
a pure like comparison with uh like
chemo or maybe placebo. But for the very
first time, AISO is the first and only
one bold enough to do a head-to-head
comparison with Kituda. Kituda is the
best seller in human history. So that's
the idea why like even if this is a
China only data still like global
physicians, global investor, they care a
lot about this data.
>> What's this drug again? Just to remind
>> evilness and as being I'm pretty sure
Bing has mentioned this before.
>> What do you make of some of the pressure
that we're hearing from the US about
possibly needing to ban or restrict some
of these Chinese licensing deals? I
think there was a US lawmaker or senator
a few weeks ago that that said, you
know, the flow of American capital
through these deals is dangerous because
you're you're really really feeding the
rapid ascent of the value or the supply
chain uh of the pharmaceutical value
chain. How should we look at the
regulatory environment now?
>> So actually starting from 2022 we have
like this kind of constant noises from
Sino US tension starting from like uh
Wooi biologist would put on the entity
list from US government followed by the
biosecure ad and also late earlier this
year we have this kind of potential ban
for either China data or this kind of
capital inflow. So here's the thing. So
first of all as a Chinese analyst I feel
confident I feel a pride like this
because it's for it is more like a
national pride while like it's attract
attention from the global especially the
regulators and secondly we're talking
about uh we think the the the actual
like uh punishment or what kind of
restriction is actually less likely it
is so think about it why this kind of
multinational company they're very eager
to do deals with China it It's because
so first of all they're facing the
patent expiry in two to three years time
because we're talking about a lot of
like multi-billion dollar um the
blockbuster they will face patent expiry
so they need urgent fix to their
pipeline replenishment so China is like
this kind of quick fix they can offer
cost and efficiency so we have this kind
of data if you are doing deals with
China you can save your cost by 40 to
60% and in the meantime it's 30 to 50%
faster so that's the reason why I think
that is more like a secret weapon from
Chinese companies
>> and well the revenue side of that is in
the form of the outlicing deal itself
and I believe last year 50% of deals
globally were Chinese out licensing
deals do you think that proportion goes
up this year in light I guess of today's
news on fizer and innov bio and 10 and a
half billion this is the latest one of
the
>> indeed I'll give you some numbers so
year to date the number is 69% as total
deal size from Chinese companies and
also talking about the total deals size
number last year is 130 billion US
dollar as total deals size number and
for first quarter this year alone we
already have 60 billion so it's like uh
I'm I'm pretty sure that the trend will
continue and also to bring us more like
excitement to the uh industry
>> how do you look at AI being integrated
into the industry um does it change what
what it means for price disco or drug
discovery when it comes comes to the
speed and the costs that could be
lowered from AI.
>> Yeah, talking about AI because we just
finished our like Grand China Healthcare
tour with over 50 international
investors. So, just as Ivan said, AI is
actually the most interesting part to
them. So uh for me like most of the AI
companies now they are also using a
biotech models because you see they're
also doing this kind of our
outlicicensing deals. So multinational
companies because they are providing the
multinational company more like another
option to their drug discovery and also
if you look at multinational companies
such as like Lily Fizer I think they
embracing AI because this is definitely
the future and hope for the industry. So
never kill people's future and hope I'm
always saying that and for AI the idea
is so first of all I'm going to improve
the drug R&D uh efficiency as well as
accuracy but I think uh maybe we are
talking about breakthrough right uh I
think maybe that's takes another let's
three to five years to validate
>> in terms of cost does it bring down all
costs or can it only bring down a
portion of drug development costs
>> so at this stage we are only talking
about the early stage because
unfortunately at this time there's
nothing we can do from the clinical side
but I'm pretty sure this is just a
matter of time so I'm saying that maybe
we can see some kind of breakthrough in
three to five years time
>> okay thank you safe travels to Chicago
>> New York Canada San Francisco
[clears throat] there we go
>> thank you Asia healthcare research at
Jeff there uh really on all the news
that's been going on when it comes to
the biotech space still ahead we're
going to preview the shangla dialogue
with a member of Beijing's [music]
delegation to the annual defense summit
and as Hong Kong hosts his ComicCon. The
city's tourism secretary, Rosanna Law,
joins us to discuss the push to attract
more visitors to the city. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, another check [music] of the
markets here. Uh, we're, you know, when
you look at the likes of Lenovo, I mean,
this continues to be a parabolic sort of
stock here right now. You're up another
20% here on the back of that Dell
outlook as well overnight. Uh,
interesting enough, when you talk about
the the liquor makers, JP Morgan
actually downgrading uh, some of these
Chinese liquor names like Mao Thai,
Wuang uh, when it comes to the earnings
growth outlook. So, when it comes to
Quao, they've cut it to neutral from
overweight. They talked about the lack
of guidance there when it comes to 2026
full year and it does raise concerns
over growth visibility and also
management confidence they say.
>> Okay. Um where we do have a lot more
visibility or at least a lot more
confidence it goes into not
proportionate visibility but perhaps
enough is in these pure play AI plays
when we're looking at Jupu and I think
this one uh getting a series of upgrades
coming from the street. One is out of
Sealand CCB International rating this
one outperformed the price target there
at 2,000. We're at 1,800 give or take.
So that's a further what are we saying
about further 12 11% upside. Uh this is
stock of course that's also been bit up
substantially. Uh I'll look at
benchmarks right now which aren't really
doing a lot which I guess is really the
story of this year where you have a lot
of these favorite AI plays but not
really enough to move the respect
benchmark. It's not been a beta play.
It's been an alpha play so far. Lots
more ahead here on second hour. China
show is just ahead.
[music]
Welcome back to the China [music] show.
Here's a look at the HSI half hour into
the session. It is sunny skies. It is a
scorcher out there here today. So
hopefully [music] you can cool down
here. But these markets are certainly
not really cooling down here today. You
take a look at the tech headlines that
we've gotten when it comes to anthropic
and the fundraising there. There's more
information. The SpaceX IPO, you got
Dell and that outlook that's really
fueling the likes of Lenovo and these
computing stocks. And there's really no
shortage of good news here today. You
add that to the Iran war developments
here that some sort of tentative deal to
extend that ceasefire for another two
months or so, Dave, that really is
helping to lift uh most of the region
here today, Dave. So yeah, you focus on
Hangen, we're only up about half of 1%,
but the rest of the region is doing
better once again. So China is a little
bit falling behind here given what
you're seeing with Taiwan. We're up
close to 2% or two and a half% gains
there. The Cosby is once again uh on
fire. topics as well as the nicke are
punching higher here today here as well.
So uh certainly it continues to be that
North Asia sort of preference where
investors are tilting towards here Dave
and you've been tracking a lot of things
beyond just the technicals but really
where positioning is at right now. Yeah,
the love is is spreading, right? The the
notion that this rally is broadening
beyond your usual names. And I think a
very good example of that is when you
look at a market like Taiwan, and we
know, of course, it is dominated by one
single stock, which is TSMC. That's the
ticker 2330. When you look at the
Taiwanese market and how it's made up,
right? So semiconductors, that's this
big square right here. That's the
biggest part of the market. The next is
tech and hardware, and then you have
financials, right? And the point we want
to make here is you're now seeing more
bits of green populate more sectors
within specifically tech hardware and
equipment. So this PC rally, this server
rally is showing up in the market beyond
a market that is just known for one or
two single stocks, right? So TSMC is
obviously going to rip higher 3% higher.
That's where that's where the index
goes. But we're getting a lot more
support in varied points within this
sector group of hardware uh and tech
hardware and equipment which is really
helping broaden this rally and make it
more sustainable if you think about it
that way. Ivon,
>> yeah, the thing that things are
broadening out. It's not just a very
concentrated uh market here. That
continues to show uh when it comes to
Taiwan, Korea as well as you highlighted
in some ways as well. And you know,
you're starting to see not just when it
comes to
>> you know, hyperscalers that the AI train
has gone from hyperscalers to the
hardware to the software. Then now
you're talking about of course the
computing side of things, right? And AI
servers is certainly the dominant sort
of theme here today after those Dell
results, right? So we saw Dell share
soar as they raise their guidance. They
talk about the strong demand for its AI
powering servers as well. So that's
enough to to really put a fire under
Lenovo shares here once again recession
highs are up 20%. And also we're
tracking you know this tech rally not
just going through just you know
hardware software but really the the the
robotic side of things right the
physical AI right and and LGA
electronics continues to lead the charge
here today. were up another 20% in Soul.
For more on what's really moving these
markets, we're joined by, of course, our
team. Let's bring in our M live macro
strategist, David Savage, as well. Um,
what are you watching here today? It
continues to be the same story. Yeah,
>> but yes, it seems like things are
broadening out, too.
>> Yeah, a little bit, right? And I think
part of that is the pullback in oil
prices as well.
>> Um, and and I think markets are also
waiting in Asia too, right? If we
continue to see AI capex spending
continue to accelerate higher and we may
see this growth and some of the earnings
growth sort of spread out beyond just
the names that we're all familiar with.
Um I I do think you know yesterday we
saw a pretty significant intraday
pullback. I think that shows two things.
One there's a real appetite particularly
among retail investors to buy any dip.
um you know that that pullback lasted I
I think an hour maybe um and and pretty
quickly uh was moderated but I think it
also shows that eventually markets
exhibit exhaustion and so that doesn't
mean the fundamental drivers change this
is still trending you know higher
there's still a lot of reasons to to to
like where this rally is but eventually
you know investors take profits
eventually they run up against single
stock constraints we see that even with
passive managers and and the MSEI
rebound balance today.
>> Uh so that can you know start to slow
the rally.
>> That's a unique kink to consider today.
This rebalance
>> the month end. Yeah.
>> How does that how does that influence
things?
>> It it would certainly interesting here
in in in Asia if South Korea so a lot of
the ETFs um that track the South Korean
market. They'll have uh indexes that
have single stock constraints to it. so
that at rebalance if we have a stock
like Samsung or SKH Highix which is up a
million% or whatever it is it they end
up getting put under selling pressure.
Um and so uh certainly that that is
something to watch and and you'll see
but you know that market on close order
at the end of the day people have known
about that for weeks. Um but you might
start to see some selling pressure ahead
of that. Um but there's there's clearly
such you know demand particularly among
retail. But we see that in the numbers
in terms of how much domestic retail is
filling the void in South Korea to
continue to to bid up these these
shares.
>> Talk us through what that you're seeing
with it comes to gold and precious
metals. I think you know we we saw sort
of the correlations break down during
this war. Seems like things are better,
but then you have the whole rate hike
expectations now that's really kind of
making things a bit choppy too.
>> The price action on on gold and and
precious metals has been pretty pretty
awful actually. I mean it it's it it
hasn't helped equity investors on any
sort of pullbacks. We've seen yields
come back down and it really hasn't
provided much relief for precious
metals. And so I think precious metals
are kind of stuck under two forces. One,
the dollar uh is stronger and so the
reverse the inverse correlations there
has been pretty strong. uh and so that's
keeping a lid on things and also I think
you know a lot of the rally had
fundamental drivers a year ago for for
gold but also flows were a huge dynamic
and I think the you know especially if
you look at retail and some of the the
the soft uh ETF flow numbers on on
precious metals and gold a lot of that
is has cooled and and so retail has
attention elsewhere.
>> Yeah, it's uh I think we know what
they've been funding selling selling
their gold. Uh David fantastic David
Savage there uh our M live macro uh
strategist one big group of stocks
actually that hasn't quite joined in
this rally is the the usual tech Chinese
tech and platform news I think when you
look at the uh the recent earnings we've
seen uh some have missed estimates
disappointed on guidance uh second
straight quarter there's AI reality
check as we call it this high investment
spend this weak recovery on the business
side e-commerce and advertising weighing
on profits uh let's bring in Genie you
our senior Asia stocks reporter here
with more uh on today's staking stock
piece, this expo, you know, the this
this AI reality that's now laid bare
because of these earnings. What did you
find?
>> Yeah. Um when we talk to investors I
think the major takeaway from this
earning season although mtoan hasn't
reported um I think the major takeaway
is like um people kind of getting um
more careful with the return from those
massive AI investments because of all
the profitability concerns and also a
lack of very concrete uh plan to
monetize their those u massive
investments. Um that's one thing and the
second thing is like um to fund to fund
those AI investment you need a very good
cash cow you know from the traditional
business and that's what's the
problematic area as well because given
them very macro very big macro um in
China especially the weight consumption
sentiment I think the um the uh lots of
companies they have actually reported um
worse than expected earnings from their
traditional business um so I think
that's also another think concerning
investors because where you can get um
all those cash from to find to fund your
AI ambitions. Um I think that's like a
double whammy for the for the tech
companies in um in listing in Hong Kong.
Um and that could be like a very big
pressure for the hessent tech index
given that um um those index are
actually dominated by those internet
platform instead of those hardware
companies.
>> Yeah. The legacy businesses that
continue to be strained. uh does this
just give more impetus for upstream AI
players to continue to benefit?
>> Yeah, exactly. Um so when we talk to
people and they do mention like actually
although you know all the money has been
chasing hardware for a while you know
today we've seen 30% of gains in Lenovo
you know things like that but still
they're they're mentioning like um given
the AI up cycle they're given all the
investment focus um on the upstream you
know actually the rally there could
continue um so it's not really the time
to buy on dips you know for those
internet names yet. All right, Jeannie,
thank you. Our senior Asia stocks
reporter, Genie, you there on why you
are continuing to see uh that K-shaped,
I guess you could say, markets here as
well. Uh when it comes to consumption,
when it comes to China tech [music]
versus, of course, these upstream AI
players. Still ahead, we're talking oil
markets here. We talk about Brent set
for its biggest monthly [music] drop
since 2020 on optimism over an extended
truce between the US and Iran. We got
the market outlook coming up next. This
is Bloomberg.
Well, the US and Iran have reached a
tentative [music] deal to extend a
ceasefire by 60 days and begin further
nuclear talks with Tyrron. A source
tells us that President Trump is though
yet to agree to the terms. Now, Vice
President JD Vance says the two sides
are going back and forth on some
language points and Tyrron appears to be
negotiating in good faith. Axios is
reporting that the deal includes
unrestricted shipping through the
straight of Hormuz.
>> Yeah. And the question is, can and will
oil prices return to pre-war levels? Uh
we're certainly headed in that
direction, but we remain extremely far
from those levels. It's worth pointing
out at 93 still uh on the most active on
Brent. Uh you look at the energy space
as far as the equity market iteration of
that is concerned. We're flat there.
Brent as you can see is uh worst month
since 2020. So we're down about 20% from
the peak. We're still up 60% though from
the start of the year. Let's bring in
our oil trading reporter Wrongway Neo
with us right now. U what prices what
what what assumption should we be have
we have on prices over the next few
weeks?
Right. So, um let's just talk about what
we are seeing in uh markets uh today.
So, oil is actually on track for its
largest monthly drop since the pandemic.
That's about in 2020. And of course, the
market is reacting on optimism over this
recent peace deal. Although I do have to
point out that in the past weeks or so
uh there have been a lot of confusing
messaging coming out from both sides uh
both from the Iranian side as well as
from the white house in the US. So
markets u it has been up and down in the
past uh couple of days and uh which is
why today we are seeing less than uh I
would say just a slight cooling in terms
of oil prices as the market waits to see
what kind of details could arise from
these peace deal. Of course, I do have
to point out that even if both sides
come to an actual deal, uh it's going to
take a while before the street of Hormuz
resumes proper traffic, um there have
been a lot of estimates and um sharings
by industry experts that um it's going
to be a whole logistical challenge just
to work out what would be the new normal
for the streets and congestion or I
should say uh a hot or more subdued
traffic in the street of Hormuz was
ultimately what led to oil prices
spiking.
uh because of the prominence and the
importance of this waterway being a
gateway for about a fifth of the world's
energy supplies. So the market will wait
with baited breath to see what kind of
details would arise from this peace
deal. How um traffic through the street
of Hormuz would actually be enforced,
whether there's going to be toll fees
paid to the Iranians or how would the US
be stepping in to make sure that the
traffic resumes and all that will weigh
on oil prices.
Okay, wrongway. Thank you so much.
Wrongway Neo there, our oil trading
reporter in in Singapore for us where
certainly the Iran war is while it's
been fading in relevance still remains
very certainly a big topic of
conversation particularly
uh at at this year's annual Shanga
dialogue taking place in Singapore where
you have defense leaders of course
gathering there uh for a second year in
a row. It's it's worth pointing out here
China's top military diplomat will be
skipping the event. Let's bring in
someone who is actually attending uh the
event from the Chinese side. Wangdong is
a professor at the Peing University
School of International Studies. He's
also the executive director of the
university's Institute for Global
Cooperation and Understanding. Wongdong,
good morning from Hong Kong. Thank you,
by the way, for coming into our studios
there in Singapore. It's very, it's very
nice to see you. How should we be
interpreting?
>> Thank you. uh China's top military
diplomat not not not participating this
year.
>> Uh well let me first uh say start by
saying that I think the Shangla dialogue
I think uh remain a key platform for uh
defense uh exchanges across Asia and
China uh take part in that in a very
pragmatic manner. Um um but from China's
perspective I think the uh um the forums
uh has also long largely been shaped by
western perspectives and views from uh
China and the global south uh do not
always get equal attention and that is
precisely I think why uh China's
attitude is more prudent uh than overly
uh enthusiastic. So we attend primarily
to uh maintain open communication uh to
manage potential risks and also to uh
share our perspectives on regional
security.
>> What will you be looking out for being
there on the ground?
>> Uh well I think there are a couple of
highlights. Uh certainly first of all I
think China US relations uh will stand
out as top highlights this year. Um
during President Trump's recent visit to
China, both sides agreed to build a
constructive China US relationship of
strategic uh stability. So against uh
this backdrop, we can expect the US
delegation uh this year uh will take a
far less confrontational and indeed more
cooperative uh tone as compared with
last year. And we can also um expect
that China will take this opportunity to
elaborate uh its vision uh on the with
the audience uh for the regional
security as well
>> and there's also of course as yes
>> yes
>> go ahead go ahead go ahead
>> I think I think yes yes I think there's
another very important issue of course I
think as a whole international community
is closely watching the situation
unfolding uh in the Middle East and and
I think certainly uh the Middle East
will be high on the agenda as well. Um
and I think the regional countries watch
very closely uh how the international
together uh can address the share
challenges and I think all participants
uh will look to uh push for political
solution and ease regional uh tension as
well.
uh Wong, since you brought up the Middle
East and uh you've probably seen the
news that it look it looks like we are
headed towards a an extension of of the
ceasefire and you know you know everyone
in the world economy is looking at what
happens with a straight of Hormuz and
whether or not it's it goes back to uh
the settings before the war started. Um,
in what way do you think China can play
a a role in uh in in in in forwarding
the situation there?
>> Yes. Uh when it comes to Middle East
affairs, I think China holds a neutral
and a constructive stance. Uh we firmly
stand for a nuclear-free uh Middle East.
Uh we support for uh the freedom of
navigation uh for international water
waterways. Um and also we call for uh
ceasefire, dialogue and political
sentiment uh to resolve disputes. Um and
as you probably know very well as it has
been uh widely also reported by uh
American media as well uh such as New
York Times and others, China has also
been playing a very uh instrumental role
in uh facilitating uh facilitating the
negotiation currently ongoing between
the United States and Iran. So, so uh
together I think China very much uh
would hope to uh uh to work together
with the international community to push
for a uh uh political solution uh to
disputes as soon as possible.
>> What about other issues? I mean
obviously when it comes to maritime
disputes in South China Sea that's
always dominated uh these discussions. I
think Taiwan I guess given what was
brought up in in Beijing in that Trump
summit was also interesting as well
given the change in I guess you could
say evolving strategy commitment around
the island. You know do you think Taiwan
is going to be prominent in terms of
discussions there in Singapore this
weekend?
>> Well let me first I I think there
recently has been some very important uh
uh development. Uh I think right after
uh his visit to uh China, President
Trump uh made some uh very uh important
statement on Taiwan issue actually uh I
think he uh uh uh on his flight back and
also during his uh interview with Fox
News uh he he came very close uh to
explicitly opposing Taiwan independence
and he basically said this uh look you
know forget about sending American
troops uh 10,000 uh miles across the
ution to fight for Taiwan independence.
Just forget about it. And I think this
is uh has had a devastating uh effect on
the pro-independence forces and TBP in
Taiwan. And in fact, just a few days ago
uh one of the radical hardcore uh
pro-independence
uh parties in Taiwan actually publicly
announced that it will give up the
independence platform and embrace
unification with the mainland. Um so so
I think um here uh and also recent polls
in Taiwan also shows that public support
for peaceful unification has reached
record high of about 23 to 24%. So here
comes a critical question. Will the
United States out of geopolitical
consideration or narrow interest such as
um arms sale or demands from the
military industry complex uh determined
to uh to keep uh Taiwan separate from uh
the mainland and to block the process of
peaceful unification? Uh will the United
States send in a way even people on both
sides of Taiwan state are willing move
in the direction of peaceful
unification? So I think this is a tough
question that US leaders will have to
face squarely in the months and years to
come.
>> Can I ask you too about Ivonne mentioned
Taiwan and Southeast Asia particularly
the South China Sea. The position of
China has been very clear. I guess my
question is uh can we expect new manners
of engagement with the stakeholders in
that part of the world?
Well, I think Chinese position on uh
Taiwan issue uh has been uh very clear
has been very clear uh consistent that
Taiwan is part of China. Uh and of
course uh the Taiwan issue how uh is to
be resolved is really uh it depend on
the wills of the Chinese people on both
sides of the Taiwan street. Um so I I
think we are willing to uh of course
exchange views uh with uh you know uh
concerned parties uh partners friends
around uh the world uh to help
facilitate uh the uh the peaceful
unification process. Uh but uh but the
bottom line is this is really an
internal affair of China and um it is
not an international issue.
>> Wong apologies.
Um I I I I was asking about the South
China Sea and the territorial disputes
in that part. We know that the stance of
China to your point has been clear also
on that. Uh but can stakeholders expect
a different manner of engagement?
>> Sure. Um well Chinese position on the
South China Sea uh issue is also has
been very uh consistent over the years.
I I think we uh you know um the uh the
the the
land features um and the adjacent to
total waters uh in the South China Sea.
Of course, China uh has uh sovereignty
over it. This is indis distributable. Um
but we also uh stand for uh uh peace. uh
we stand for we calling for uh uh you
know uh peace uh and cooperation uh on
this issue and we strongly oppose
actually the cold war style
confrontation um and uh which I think
will instead of bringing peace uh and
prosperity to the region but rather
disruption and uh and confrontation uh
to the region. So I think this is a
position that China has been uh
consistently holding um over the years
and I and I think China will continue uh
to uh stick to that position.
>> Wangdong, we got to leave it there but
thank you so much. Professor at Peing
University School of International
Studies joining us out of Singapore here
and there's more on the Shangla dialogue
coming up. We're going to speak with
control risks [music]
partner Angela Manchini who'll join
insight with Helinda Almond discuss the
impact of the Iran war on energy
security [music]
and global inflation.
[music]
All right, welcome back. So, the [music]
state China state council issued this uh
urban renewal plan um effectively
talking about how they're looking to
prioritize new real estate development
model improving the housing related
systems here. Uh that's enough of
catalies as you can see for really a lot
of these penny stocks if you think about
it when looking at the price itself but
substantial rally nonetheless here
across the property names. Very very
quick note on PopMart. Uh we are up 5%.
>> Yes. So there's been reports that the
CEO appeared at a state council
information office press conference uh
showing a twinkle twinkle. So this is of
course one of their popular IP figures
here at the pressure and that's
apparently helping to lift the stock
here today. We're up close to 5%. This
is Bloomberg.
[music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going to that lunch break in [music]
just a moment. And yeah, it is happy
Friday. I bet it's hot in Tokyo, too.
>> Let me check. I think we have I feel it
feels hot just from that that bump shot.
Uh but it's it's hot markets, right?
We're up close to 2% when it comes to
nic225. Topping is also up 1% or so 159
levels for dollar yen. But certainly,
you know, we we are coming into the
weekend counting down the weekend on
really good good notes here. Good
headlines, good tech news,
>> good vibes.
>> Good vibes. Yeah, let's keep it going,
shall we?
>> Well, let me let me just do the
temperature check. [laughter] So, it's
31°. It's it's it's quite hot for this
time of the year. It's also fairly
humid,
>> but then you got to add the humidity
factor and then it feels like, you know,
40, you know,
>> and it Tokyo is so massive that
I'd like a place like Hong Kong where,
you know, you could take a taxi and Uber
and it's not going to cost you your kids
college education. Uh, in Tokyo, that's
um almost a that's a luxury being able
to ferry around in a car. It's it's
mostly a train. Then you have to walk
through the train station. Then most of
the platforms are above ground and in
the summer most people are still wearing
suits.
Um but anyway, okay, I'm just starting
to It's a beautiful place though with
really good food. Um anyway, oil prices.
Why we talking oil prices here? Yeah,
here we go. Uh so we're down to about
93. The statistic for today is we're
poised for the worst month on Brent
going back to 2020 since the pandemic
the year of the pandemic and of course
the massive girrations we've seen in in
in in that specific year of 2020. Right
now let's talk about Japanese trading
house Mitsui. It's looking to invest and
speaking of energy here uh in LG that's
projects across the Middle East the US
and also Oz to really meet rising power
demand again ties it back to the energy
demands of this AI buildout. Speaking
exclusively to Bloomberg, the CEO
Kenichi Hori also called for an urgent
reopening of the Strait of Hormuz.
>> Yes, we're monitoring the Iran situation
very closely. Um, and we have to deliver
our products to uh uh to show the
results. So, uh there is certain
downside if the uh if this situation
continues. But at the same time um our
customers look look to Mitsui for
alternative solutions in their supply
chain management. Um the commodity
prices may tick up. So and that would be
a an upside that we would try to manage.
So um it it works both ways. Probably uh
net net um there's some uh a little bit
of a positive compared to our budget but
>> um we have to be very careful. Um uh it
depends on how long this situation uh
develops.
>> The direct impact on MSUI has been also
on LG projects in the Middle East,
right? What's going on right now?
>> Well, the uh the projects we we do have
assets in the Middle Eastern countries
and we are watching the uh situation
very closely. Um we hope for a quick
recovery of the situation of these
assets. our immediate impact uh is not
that big
>> but uh we're monitoring its effect on
the long-term projects that we have in
the region.
>> How do you judge when the right time for
resumption of operations would be? What
does that look like when at the moment
we're still uh seeing whether or not an
Iran deal is reached? Yes, we need to
make sure that the uh the safe passage
of vessels uh uh are is resumed and um
uh the Middle Eastern countries are are
going to continue to be uh the critical
suppliers of energy products to the
global markets.
>> So, um we cannot uh forecast when that
will be resumed, but we just hope that
um we see a early recovery.
>> What would give you confidence?
um safe safe uh safe passage of the
vessels
>> and um geopolitical stability.
>> How has the war in Iran and various
geopolitical flash points around the
world in recent years perhaps change the
global energy dynamics when a lot of
these issues such as sanctions perhaps
are being put on the back burner because
the world desperately needs fuel. The
world desperately needs fuel and the
world needs to have more uh production
sites that are reliable and competitive.
So this is now an equation of uh trying
to add more sources and the middle m the
middle eastern sources will continue to
be very important. I think it will
continue to be critical to the global
supply and with this very uh with the uh
the situation in Iran at the moment the
long-term um supply demand situation
will will tighten.
>> That means that uh we need to have uh
various projects that are in the works
now uh to be uh completed so that um uh
uh the energy industry can continue to
meet the uh rising demand for for
energy.
Mitsuoy CEO Kenichi Hori there speaking
exclusively to our colleague Sheran in
Tokyo. Uh some of the corporate stories
that we're tracking for you today.
Anthropic has raised $65 billion [music]
in its latest funding round valuing the
company at $965 billion and eclipsing
[music] open AI for the first time.
Sources tell Bloomberg that investors
included Amazon, Google, [music] Micron,
Samsung, and SKHEX. Enthropit also says
it's planning a broad release [music] of
new AI models in the coming weeks after
developing stronger safeguards for
models that earlier [music] deemed too
dangerous for the general public.
Bloomberg has learned that Apollo and
Blackstone are working to bring
additional investors into a [music]
roughly $ 36 billion debt financing deal
to help Anthropic build out its AI
infrastructure. The debt will be [music]
used to purchase Google's custom TPUs
which Enthropic would then lease with
Broadcom backstopping [music] payments.
is set to become one of the largest ever
private credit deals. And Dellshares
[music] soared in late trade after its
fullear sales outlook far surpassed
analyst estimates fueled by demand for
servers that power [music] AI work. The
company sees fiscal year revenue
reaching about $167 billion, including
60 [music] billion from AI servers. The
COO Jeff Clark says the AI opportunity
shows [music] no signs of slowing.
>> Yeah, and I think that after hours move,
massive after hours move is really
playing out across markets right now. So
we're still really quite feeling it. In
fact, this is the the outperforming
group of stocks here in the Asia
Pacific. I think we're about to show you
that uh it's coming soon. So you know
when you look at the server space and
you know the Lenovo story obviously gave
was in and of its own this week and of
course this gave the Dell rally and the
Dell rally is giving the Lenovo
a new lease on life. Uh check it out
right 24% today and what's really been a
banner week for Lenovo.
>> Yeah. And really lifting just you know
these computing stocks, right? We were
just we had an interview BN did with we
in in Taiwan and and the chairwoman
there was basically saying look it the
bottlenecks that you're seeing when it
comes to to AI and the like it it goes
beyond
>> even just memory chips at this point
right so that's why you're seeing this
kind of rotation and where you know
investors are continuing to chase where
all those bottlenecks are.
>> Yeah it's really playing out across more
broadly uh in the Taiwanese in the
Taiwanese market. Yeah, you can check
out that story by the way on on uh we
win there. Uh 69 is the uh the ticker
there. Okay, let's pivot now, but stay
in chips and let's fold in the EV story
here. Uh so the world's biggest EV
maker, that's BYD, has now unveiled what
it calls China's most advanced chip for
self-driving cars. Daniel Lee, our
transport reporter, is here with us to
talk us through the details of what this
unveiling has taught us and what can you
just unpack what the chip is and the
significance of this this this this move
here?
>> Yeah. Well, first of all, markets did
like what they heard from BYD overnight.
although up 3% at the Hong Kong Open now
has given up most of those gains so far.
But this is supposed to be uh China's
first automotive grade chip four
nanometers. And so uh the smaller the
the size of the chip effect or the
smaller the size of the transistor gets
more uh chips uh overall uh into cars
and so therefore gives more performance
and therefore more performance means uh
you know more capabilities and faster
processing of data and all of these kind
of you know more smart driving cars that
the likes of BYD are rolling out and so
therefore BYD claims it's got something
much more powerful more capable uh
against its peers and so uh you know
when these chips compared to where you
normally find them in smartphones. The
fact that it can be, you know, used in
in in EVs, uh, is a significant step
forward, particularly as EVs are much
more challenging in a wide variety of
temperatures and conditions overall.
>> I mean, BY has always been developing
its own chips, but what does this
specific chip beat out in terms of the
technology out there right now?
>> So, for example, Huawei, it beats out
right now who's got a 7 nanometer chip.
Uh, but still there is the market leader
like TSMC which has like a 2nm chip. So
I think the key thing is to get these
kind of uh hardware into its cars but
then also the test is for uh the
government you know the government the
Chinese government to approve these uh
bigger range of self-driving uh cars and
testing all on the roads uh which is
going to still hold back uh these EV
players in the meantime but for BYD this
announcement does come against the
backdrop of this broad slump it has seen
in it sales so it has been suffering and
so this kind of tech really helps it
when it comes to unlocking power,
performance, style, and you know, the
tech that really will attract hopefully
more buyers to come back to them.
>> And that takes us nicely to earnings,
right? You have a couple of big names.
Expang Lee Auto first quarter not very
not the best. Not the best.
>> No. So,
>> what do we expect now? Yeah.
>> For for Xpong, they had a tough quarter,
you know, on revenue and on and on
operating profit. Both metrics were
under pressure basically. uh second
quarter they think that they can get
back to uh its performance in 2025 on
sales but that does seem tough given the
backdrop we have seen more broadly in
the the slowing sales of EVs and and the
the kind of tough market we have seen
and the fact that government subsidies
are not there as well uh same goes for
Leoto Leoto had a pretty miserable
quarter swinging back to a loss and so
uh with its sales shrinking its margins
really under pressure as as well uh you
know they are going to try and refocus
and have a better Q2 but analysts also
think that they are going to face a
tough time so for Leoto having been a
real winner uh having you know been
profitable for quite some time is now
under significant pressure and that's
part of the broader story here who can
then tough it out as we see this kind of
tough moment for the EV industry again
in China
>> Danny thank you Danny Lee there our Asia
aviation and transport reporter uh we're
checking markets of course as we go to
this commercial break here and really
continues to be an up arrow story here
for the likes of Taiwan when it comes to
co the Cosby as well. Han Hai uh the
chair is actually speaking to
shareholders meeting yu talking about
how they're very optimistic about the
second half outlook here. The stocks up
some 6% and really [music] lifting the
tieex here today. This is Bloomberg
>> [music]
>> Well, pop culture. There you go. Taking
center stage this weekend in Hong Kong
with a city hosting its own Comic Con
for the first time. Miss one of several
big diary entries coming up in the
financial hub which is selling itself as
a premier location for mega events in
hopes of accelerating a postco recovery
of course in tourism and retail dining
sectors. I mean, take a look just all
the events coming up, Dave. Right. You
got concerts, right? I mean, Post
Malone, The Weekend,
>> got the Cats musical,
>> BTS is next year.
>> Yeah, BTS. I mean, that's the big one,
really. So, yeah. Take your pick, right?
There's plenty to choose from in terms
of
>> And the airport's extremely busy. You
can really get the sense of that.
Terminal 2, I believe, is open. And you
get a sense of terminal 2 once you take
the train there. Here's here's data,
right? So, we've we've had a look at the
data. We've what you're looking at on
your screens, this is out of the tourism
>> department and what it shows you is on a
monthly basis.
>> The blue line is the five years before
2019 protests and COVID
>> and the three-month average is at about
that level already. So in other words,
the numbers on visitors is effectively
back to normal. to give us more context
on what this means, what else the
government is doing to further this
recovery in the tourism sector. Joining
us here on set is the Hong Kong
Secretary for Culture, Sports, and
Tourism, Rosano. Very nice to see you.
>> Good morning. Good morning, David.
>> So, we're back.
>> Yeah, we're back and back big time.
Actually, that's what I said last year
when doing interviews. And this year, I
think more people are telling me that
that Hong Kong is back. I think is uh um
the facts speaks for themselves that uh
the things that you just mentioned and
of course um big events like Arbaso like
the Hong Kong International Rupies
events people joining it maybe um year
after year or they are new to these
events. Um they all had a good time and
then they see the riveny and energy. I
think that is important. numbers
sometimes are cold but uh the feeling
that people get from um visiting Hong
Kong I think that is most precious to
us.
>> Yeah, the numbers are seem to suggest
things are back.
>> What about spending habits among
tourists especially some of the mainland
tourists that come here? What have you
seen? Interestingly, this is not just a
Hong Kong phenomenon, but a global
phenomenon, I have to say, and that is
that um the the crave for luxurious
goods, the handbags, the watches, um
they're still there. You still see in
Canton Row, the the the houses, but um
really the
>> suitcases as much.
>> Yeah, the the spending has dropped a
bit. And uh I I saw from a visa card uh
uh analyst report last year that it is
actually an Asian and global phenomenon
maybe because of the uh econom economic
situation. But I also see another very
interesting trends uh our concerts and
our IP products. Uh you just mentioned
ComicCon that is ongoing uh this
weekend. Um, a lot of these are actually
selling very well and uh the products
are also selling very well. Uh, we have
an Egyptian uh uh antique exhibition in
our palace museum right now. And uh the
the cat who dresses as a vero is
actually uh very popular, sold out many
times. So much so that we're now Yeah.
We're now having it in um our MTR
stations. Oh,
>> merging culture into everyday life.
>> Oh, okay. So, you don't need to go to
Cairo, [laughter]
just go to the MR station for a flavor
of going to Cairo actually, but going to
our palace museum, you see an good
exhibition and our MPR station, you see
the icon.
>> I want to pick up on one of the trends
you mentioned, right? The pattern of
the spending habits and the pattern of
how long people stay tend to be
changing.
>> Um, yes. The one of the things I noticed
and correct me if I'm wrong here is that
you know a big source of tourists of
course coming across the border from the
mainland is that they're spending less
time here but they're doing higher
frequency visits to different places of
Hong Kong
>> on in terms of total spend. Have you
noticed any changes there?
>> Uh we are still recording 3.2 3.1 nights
for uh overnight visitors that has been
constant for uh uh a couple of years
already. Okay. uh we're not doing worse.
Let's put it this way. I'm an optimist
ever. Okay. But um I think you're right.
Uh especially because of the convenience
of traveling. Um they can come more
often and then come for a specific
purpose like a concert. They can come
several days in a row or several days in
uh every month for a concert um or for
something that interests them. uh last
year we have the Chikawa for example
Chikawa uh show in August scorching heat
but they still want to come because that
is attractive to them and mind you we're
going to have that even bigger in August
this year but I think that is true and
the other thing is I also look at our
hotel occupancy rates okay
>> um the the the reflection from uh
operators are that uh the occupancy rate
is good especially during our festive
seasons usually 90 to 95% which is not a
bad thing of course uh considering the
fact that uh people said we have
competition in our nearby cities maybe
their their uh hotel prices are just
that bit lower uh but I think Hong Kong
is still uh worth coming to and people
are doing that continuously our effort
as government is to make sure that we
have enough attractive things for them
to do. I always mention this concept of
FOMO, fear of missing out that you have
to come right here, right now for this
particular purpose, otherwise you miss
it. That means you can be a visit,
repeat visitor, you can actually be very
familiar with Hong Kong. Um it may not
be on the top of your agenda if not for
that big event. So what we're doing
right now is this kind of thing. The
other thing we are doing is to con to
create um a regular pattern for some of
the people like Abasel. We clinch a
five-year deal with them so that this
will Hong Kong will continue to be the
only um um uh exhibition uh area uh or
venue for this for this part.
>> What about when it comes to airlines and
flights? I mean I think maintaining
expanding flights is probably crucial to
attracting more and diverse tourists to
Is this something that you know your
your team is working on too? We are
working with our transport and logistic
bureau and the airport authority of
course and our home carrier cafe
Pacific. Uh what I I I I know is that uh
with the third oneway commissioned and
also the second terminal commissioned um
the capacity of Hong Kong will continue
to grow um reaching our original
standard and maybe surpassing it. Right
now of course we have uh issues in the
Middle East. So some of the fights might
not be um uh as frequent as we would
like. uh but also that uh kind of create
a side effect and that is that I just
came back from Europe and a lot of the
uh European visitors will now come
directly if they could instead of taking
a stop somewhere. Uh I think um that
also gives us a reason to uh uh work on
our schedule as well. the has that you
mentioned the Middle East and the
disruptions there the government target
for visitors is correct me is it 53 54
million
>> 53.8 8 million to be exact. Are we on
track still for that?
>> We are still on track. Uh actually we
are exceeding that track a little bit at
the current level. Okay.
>> At the current level we have I think a
12% increase 10 to 12% increase over
same time last year.
>> Uh we will issue the May figures I think
in uh one or two weeks time. Okay. Um I
am optimistic about that because we have
the uh Labor Day golden week and uh that
week even with a little bit of a a wet
weather we are performing quite quite
nicely. Uh we will have to look into the
uh next quarter very carefully because
apart from the uncertainty in the Middle
East this is the uh World Cup finals
year we're talking about. So
traditionally a lot of people will stay
home or go to where the the the uh final
Yeah. and uh not maybe not this part of
the world but right after that in uh
late July early August in Hong Kong
we're going to offer a range of choices.
I mentioned the Chikawa show uh uh just
now we're going to also have a football
festival. Yes,
>> we have six big international teams
coming to Hong Kong and a lot of people
are already very excited about that and
then it enters into the second half of
the year which is uh our peak season for
tourism arrival both from the mainland
and internationally.
>> Do you need or are you planning any
fresh sort of incentives to get more
tourists to spend here whether it's
rebates cash coupons anything
>> reducing the tax on the hotels
>> or or even [laughter] Yeah. Can you can
you tell us a bit more about what you
guys are working on?
>> Well, um economically speaking, um the
hotel occupancy rates actually uh rose
after we introduced uh the the the uh
tax
>> the tax. Okay. So,
>> probably not because of that, but
>> probably not because of that. It is true
phenomenon. I'm quoting just just that.
But, uh uh honestly, I think uh it we
Hong Kong never competes on price. We
compete on quality. We compete on um
what we can offer that is unique uh as
the Hong Kong tourism uh uh board's
latest promotional tagline only in Hong
Kong. What's only in Hong Kong? So uh
we're going to have new light shows in
our um uh prominent uh uh tourist
attractions like the peak, like Victoria
Harbor. Uh we're also going to to have
even bigger and nicer version of the
wine and dine festival. I just came back
from uh Bordeaux and uh they were so
pleased with what happened last year uh
that they promised they will bring even
better uh um um winery and products to
Hong Kong this year
>> and then we will enter into of course
our new year countdown. Last year's new
year countdown was in a smaller scale.
This year, I think we're going to revive
the whole Hong Kong glamour over
>> You speak of glamour, you speak of wine.
I'm wondering there there's a lot of
interesting kind of stories you hear
about wealthy people coming to the city
to buy yachts, to buy gold, to buy uh
country club memberships and the like.
>> Are there efforts being done from your
end to attract more wealthy people as
you know we see Hong Kong emerge as a
bigger offshore
>> we welcome?
>> Yes. Uh you mentioned Yak Yak tourism or
Yak um um development is of course a
priority of the government. We're going
to have new uh uh birthing spaces in the
airport um in um Abadine in Lama Island
and uh probably somewhere else. Um so a
lot of these are happening. We also have
uh set aside money for uh attracting
high-end uh commercial shows or
customers shows to Hong Kong uh
targeting this group of people. Uh one
thing that you shouldn't miss is uh our
horse raising tourism because Hong Kong
is really world class in this in this
sense and uh our group event uh always
always attract a lot of high-end uh
visitors. It's just that these people
they wouldn't want us to publicize that
certain who and who is coming. They want
their privacy maybe even for security
reason.
>> Rosanna, it's great to have you.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Hong Kong Secretary for Culture, Sports
and Tourism. Always great to end the
show on really how
>> you know I have more parking spaces for
how many yachts do you guys have? Like
five, five or six. Uh
listen to David. No. Um, before we wrap
[laughter] up the show, Hangen Index 410
at 1%. So, we'll see you all on Monday.
Of course, for everyone in Hong Kong,
stay inside, [music] keep cool. It's an
extremely hot day out there. Stay
healthy, hug the loved ones, and we'll
see you all next week. Happy weekend.